Update heroku guide (#999)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit: docs/documentation/publishing-on-heroku-terminal.md

# Publishing on the web (Heroku)

We recommend using [Heroku](http://www.heroku.com) to get your prototype online. It’s simple and fast to deploy new versions as you work.

Once your prototype is on Heroku, other people will be able to access and try your prototype from their own computers or mobile devices.

> **DO NOT** enter real user data in to prototypes hosted on Heroku. If your prototype stores or collects user data, talk to a security professional about appropriate security steps you must take.

A prototype deployed on Heroku is called an `app` - it will have a url like:
`your-prototype.herokuapp.com`.

You can have multiple apps running on Heroku - projects often have several so they can try different ideas out at once.

## 1) Set up Git
You need to [set up Git](setting-up-git) on your prototype before you can use Heroku.

## 2) Sign up to Heroku

If you’re new to Heroku, [sign up for a free account](https://signup.heroku.com/). When asked what language you use, select `node.js`.

## 3) Install the Heroku toolbelt

Install the [Heroku toolbelt](https://toolbelt.heroku.com/).

> > On Windows, after downloading the toolbelt you'll need to run `heroku login` using the `cmd` app, as it does not work in Git Bash. Once you've logged in, you can return to using Git Bash.

Reviewer: Minor:

```suggestion
> On Windows, after downloading the toolbelt you'll need to run `heroku login` using the `cmd` app, as it does not work in Git Bash. Once you’ve logged in, you can return to using Git Bash.
```

The toolbelt lets you use Heroku through the terminal. You will need to restart the terminal after installing the toolbelt.

## 4) Choose a name for your app

> Think of a name for your app. You need to choose a name that's unique. The name is used in the url for your prototype. For example the name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Think of a name for your app. You need to choose a name that’s unique. The name is used in the url for your prototype. For example the name:
```
